Thus far we only had a look at how to animate single items.
Yes we had transition between multiple items but in the end, we only saw one element. Now in lists which
aren't that uncommon to be animated,
you have multiple items at once or you might have different collections on your page where you want
to have multiple animations at once or multiple items which can be animated at once at least.
So we might have such a list and we want to animate the removal of an item as well as the addition
of a new item
and we can do this with transition group which is another component or such a wrapper vuejs ships
with. Just like transition
but now for multiple items.